[water running]
This is the final stage, Nagai.
[panting]
[Sato laughing]
[Kei] Black ghost!
How is it that you're able
to worry about others?
[Nomura] Just run.
[Kei] No way.
I wanna do this.
[screaming]
[newscaster gasps]
Nagai, he just dove into the river!
[all gasping]
After dropping someone
who appeared to be a researcher...
...he threw himself into the water.
-[Futoi] What's going on?
Let's go.
The sample got away.
What's going on with the Hat?
I can't see him
on any of the surveillance cameras.
If getting Nagai was his goal,
then he may have already left.
[phone ringing]
Mr. Tosaki.
You remain here.
Yes. This is Tosaki.
I'll connect you with the Minister.
[Minister]
The bosses are quite angry, Tosaki.
I'm terribly sorry.
At this rate, we may have to reconsider
your position.
Right.
Or perhaps, it won't just stop at that.
Consider yourself warned.
[grunts]
[sighs]
Hey, sorry to keep you waiting.
Running a little late, Sato?
Well, Nagai was quite interesting,
so I played with him a bit.
Sometimes it helps to pretend to be angry.
We've done a quite a bit so far, but...
now's the time
when we have to get serious.
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
I SWEAR I'LL COVER THE WHOLE THING UP
[water splashing]
[sighs]
[Minister]
Or perhaps, it won't just stop at that.
Consider yourself warned.
[Tosaki] Don't kid around.
What do you think I've come this far for?
For what?
[grumbling]
You called for me, Minister?
Tosaki, I've heard a lot about you.
They say you're very skilled.
Yes, well, I'm still learning.
Also that you can be remarkably discreet.
You know about
the Ajin Control Commission, right?
We find ourselves with an opening there.
Tosaki, do you like money?
[elevator whirring]
[Tosaki] That gun of yours, is it real?
Huh? Yeah.
As long as you have money,
just about anything's possible.
What's an organization
for Ajin research and control
have to do with money?
Heh. You'll understand shortly.
[monitor beeping]
[beeping]
[gasp] Huh?
[man over monitor]
Zero-zero-two, killed instantly.
[Kido] What you just witnessed
is a test for a new military weapon.
So, you loan out Ajins
for testing purposes?
Very good.
You're as quick as they say you are.
Yes.
We have underground connections
to most of Japan's major enterprises.
A certain pharmaceutical company
conducted clinical tests on Ajins
until they developed a new drug
that vastly increased their profits.
There are also makers of body armor,
medical devices, ammunition.
There are countless ways to use Ajins.
[Tosaki] So, Ajins help fuel the economy.
[Kido] Yeah.
You know, if you play your cards right,
you can make big money, too.
Big money, huh?
[scoffs]
[Tosaki] Damn it!
[Tosaki] What can I do?
At this rate, I might be disposed of.
Should I run?
No, wait. I might have a plan.
There's always a chance.
Damn it!
Huh?
[gasps]
[Tanaka]
Why do you want me to wear this, Sato?
[Sato] All you have to do
is pretend to be sleeping.
[Tanaka] Uh, sure.
[Sato] Are you listening, Tanaka?
You have to choose the best tactics
for any given situation.
[Tanaka] Hmm. Is there a problem?
I'm actually starting to feel
a little like Hannibal.
Huh?
Which means,
if I'm Hannibal, then you're...
Clarice?
No, you're Murdoch.
You've got the face for it.
[Tanaka] Huh?
[Sato] Well, then, let's get started.
"I love it when a plan comes together."
Dr. Ogura, it's still too dangerous
to return to the car.
The rest of my cigarettes are in the car.
[SP]
You can buy cigarettes in here, can't you?
[Ogura] This brand isn't made anymore.
-So, the ones stocked up in the car--
-Don't move.
[SP] Huh?
Down on your knees.
Both hands behind your head.
Do you understand the position you're in?
If you make an enemy of us,
it's going to go very badly for you...
and your supervisors.
[grunts]
[Tosaki] I told you not to move.
[chuckles]
You're not angry just because I wouldn't
share a little information, are you?
Go ahead, then.
I've got nothing left to live for.
As long as I can have one last cigarette.
[chattering]
It's gotten awfully quiet.
[reporter]
Security! What's going on in there?!
We can't contact anyone inside.
[guard] So, what now?
All we can do is wait for word to--
Huh?
Who's that?
[newscaster]
It appears that a man pushing a wheelchair
has come out of the laboratory!
Could it be a staff member?
[Kouma groans]
This is bad.
The press is in danger out there.
[man 1]
Hey, isn't that Tanaka in the wheelchair?
[woman 1]
Tanaka? The second Ajin in the country?
-[man 2] There's no mistake.
-[man 3] Do you have a moment?
-[woman 2] Just one question.
-[guard] Go back!
[all shouting indistinctly]
-[man 4] Mr. Tanaka.
-[man 5] We've gotta get this.
[man 6] What happened inside?
[Sato] The most important thing is timing.
-[man 7] Here.
-[man 8] What can you tell us?
[Sato] Kei Nagai's capture
and Ikuya Ogura's arrival in Japan.
So, there would be a lot of press
in one place.
Today is that time.
Today...
I've--
I've come here today
because there's something
I want the public to know.
Let me start by saying two things.
[Tanaka] What exactly is Sato planning?
My name is Sato and...
I'm an Ajin.
-[woman 1] Ajin?
-[woman 2] What are you trying to say?
-[man 2] Is that true?
-[woman 3] You're Ajin?
[woman 4] Aren't you afraid
of being captured by the government?
What are the two things you want to say?
The first is...
there's a lot of false information
out there.
Don't let it fool you.
In the early 2000s,
there was a big news story.
It caused quite a commotion.
As you all know,
it was the news of Koji Tanaka here.
[man] Koji.
Hey, Koji.
What is it? Why so pale?
[Tanaka] Dad, I--
I'm an Ajin.
Really?
Are you sure it's not a mistake?
[father] Well, that's amazing!
What do you do
if you find out you're a Ajin?
[knock on door]
[man 1] Excuse me!
[Tanaka gasps]
[knocking continues]
[man 2] Mr. Tanaka,
-please answer some questions!
-[man 2] Just a few!
[man 1] You're in there, right? Hey!
[newsman] It's been three days
since the disappearance
of Japan's second Ajin, Koji Tanaka.
[TV host] Our program has decided
to offer a reward for Koji Tanaka!
[TV audience chattering excitedly]
[Sato] The media got carried away,
and a TV show even offered a reward.
This time, the same thing happened
with Kei Nagai.
It's been treated
like some kind of public event,
and the media is feeding this frenzy
all over again.
But you have no idea
what was waiting for him.
[man] Yes, we do!
[woman 1]
Is there a problem we should know?
It's true, some people do feel
a little sorry for them.
After all, people who've discovered
that they're Ajins
have to be taken into government custody,
and then must live under their care.
I know that's what the government
has officially announced.
But I tell you, it's a lie.
The government is now conducting
inhumane experiments on Ajins.
And that's the second thing
I wanted to say.
-[man] What are you saying?
-[woman 1] Urban legend!
In 2005, a video was leaked
of the American government
doing experiments on Ajins.
Many people feel that similar things
are happening right here as well.
[woman 2] But, Mr. Sato, tell us.
Did you actually fall for that hoax
and illegally enter the lab
to get Tanaka out?
[man] That's obviously a crime!
Except I have proof.
[man] All right, where is it?
Well, I've already uploaded it online.
-[woman 1] Get my laptop!
-[man 1] Confirm this.
[man 2]
Get online, quickly! Search for Ajins.
[woman 2] Come on, hurry up!
[man gasps]
[man] It's uploaded!
[grumbles]
Those videos are... top-secret data
from the home computer
of a certain Ajin researcher.
[man 1] Whoa. Is this video real?
[man 2] I don't know,
but it looks pretty authentic to me.
[Sato] This cannot be forgiven!
Don't you see that?!
I'm asking all of you here
to please protest with me.
In two days, I will begin a protest
directly in front of the Ministry,
so, please come fight with me!
After all, there is that chance
that one of you could...
turn out to be an Ajin like us.
Do it.
You must do it
for... the happiness of us all.
[gasping and screaming]
[woman] What was that?
[all speaking indistinctly]
[woman] Did you get that?
[man 1] Just stay in the front.
Can you get a shot?
-[man 2] Look out!
-What was that?
[man 2] Get down.
Mr. Sato, was that your--?
[gasps]
[man 2] Don't move.
As for the incident at the laboratory
two days ago,
the words of the man calling himself Sato
were completely untrue
and without foundation.
Also, we have just confirmed the deaths
of numerous guards, researchers,
and Dr. Ikuya Ogura, who was--
[monitor turns off]
It's today, right?
What are you going to do, Mr. Tosaki?
There will be a huge scene
in front of the Ministry.
So, tell me... what should I do?
Doesn't matter.
Nothing's going to change.
Huh? There's nothing here.
Hey, am I on TV?
[girl] They said there'd be a protest
or something.
-[cameraman] What should we do?
-[director] Let's at least record
some background shots.
[Tosaki]
That wasn't enough to get people moving.
History has proven that repeatedly.
I DON'T WANNA DIE.
As long as
it doesn't directly affect them,
people can be completely disinterested.
NO WAY I'M GOING
That's our nature.
REAL? FAKE? AJIN EXPERIMENTS!
There are already countless fake
experimentation videos on the web.
No one can tell the difference
between the fake ones...
and the real thing.
[girl 1]
Speaking of that, did you see the video?
[girl 2] Which one?
The one where he was crushed?
This evening, the Ajin situation in Japan
will change dramatically.
"Change dramatically"? Oh, please.
I'll find every last one that has escaped.
I swear I'll cover... the whole thing up.
Let's go.
Uh-- Where are you going?
[chuckles]
[Sato] This strategy wasn't aimed
to gather humans.
It's to gather Ajins.
Oh?
Ajins will be able to tell
that those videos are real.
The point in question
is the way you regenerate.
It looks different from the fakes.
Also, what helps
is the parts where they broadcast
you and Kei Nagai escaping.
Even if we're caught, we can escape.
When the Ajins see that example,
they'll feel safer
and more likely to come forward.
And they'll trust me.
[sighs]
This is where it begins.
We're going to change the country, Tanaka.
[chuckles]
It's exactly how you planned it...
Mr. Sato.
[Tanaka IBM] Thanks for coming.
Now I'll tell you
the real gathering place.
Tomorrow at 2 p.m.
We want you all to meet there.
Uh-- I died.
[Izumi] This is...
Um, this facility...
Um, I-- That is--
Mr. Tosaki?
[gasps]
Uh, that's...?
You did bring me my cigarettes, right?
Mr. Tosaki, you know this can't be good.
It'll be fine.
The bodyguard was shot by the Hat's gun.
No one will suspect that it was me.
I switched this man
with the body of a researcher
who'd been so torn apart
you couldn't recognize him
and faked his dental records.
-You mean--
-[Tosaki] That day...
I made a promise to myself...
that I will finally reach my goal,
no matter the cost to others.
I'll take everything.
Whatever you've got, I want it.
If you bring me my smokes.
As you can see, he's a joke of a man.
I can see why the Japanese researchers
treat him like they do.
I can't understand
why the U.S. actually accepted him.
Because I'm a genius.
UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
[boy] Huh?
[Tosaki] Hmm? Are you lost?
[boy] That lady, what's wrong with her?
She hasn't woken up since her accident.
Oh. Poor lady.
That's right.
She's been dealt a bad hand.
"No matter what,
there's always a chance to start over."
That was what she always said.
But then this happened.
She was living with the debt
her parents left her.
On top of that, she couldn't afford
to pay for health insurance.
Uh...
Unfortunately that means
it will cost a lot of money
to save her life.
And who are you?
Are you like a friend of the lady?
I'm her fiancé.
[boy] I hope she gets better.
[Tosaki] Yeah.
I swear I'll make her happy.
[Tosaki] No matter
who I have to send to hell to do so.
[grunting]
[coughing]
[Kei grunts]
I've gotten used to pain,
but when it comes to drowning...
unh, that's rough.
[grunting]
Rescuing people...
[panting]
really isn't worth all the effort.
[sighs]
[Sato IBM] It this everyone?
Come on in.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪